h2. title_helpers

h3. Summary

Rails plugin that provides controller and view methods to make displaying of
window/page titles DRYer.

h3. Rationale

Most web sites you'll build have some sort of hierarchy. And most times this
hierarchy will correspond to your controllers. For instance, let's say you have a
support section on your website (@SupportController@), and under that you have FAQs
about billing (the @billing@ action). Now, I think it's important for the window
title to be informative -- in fact, it should come directly from the page hierarchy.
So, going back to our billing FAQs page, you might want the window title to be
"Foo.com - Support - Billing FAQs". But that's going to be a pattern, isn't it?
"Foo.com - #{some controller} - #{some action}". You're not really going to define
the full window title for every action in your code, are you? I'm certainly not going
to. Wouldn't it be better if you could set the window title on a controller basis,
and then, in your view, set the window title for just the action?

h3. Example

Controllers:

<pre>
<code>
  class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
    window_title "My Site Name"
  end
  class SupportController < ApplicationController
    window_title "Support"
    def billing; end
  end
</code>
</pre>

Views:
  
<pre>
<code>
  #==== app/views/layouts/application.html.erb ====
  <html>
    <head><title><%= window_title %></title></head>
    <body>
      <h2><%= page_title %></h2>
    </body>
  </html>
  #==== app/views/support/billing.html.erb ====
  # this adds to the window title and the page title at the same time
  <% title "Billing FAQs" %>
</code>
</pre>

When the billing view is rendered:

* The window title will be "My Site Name - Support - Billing FAQs"
* The page title (in the &lt;h2&gt; tag) will be "Billing FAQs"

h3. Installation

<pre>
  script/plugin install git://github.com/mcmire/title_helpers.git
</pre>

h3. Author

(c) 2009 Elliot Winkler (elliot dot winkler at gmail dot com).
Released under the MIT license.